it's a special edition of in depth as we
remember basketball legend Kobe Bryant
and Kobe is free after he his daughter
Gigi and seven others were killed in a
helicopter crash we look back on our
2012 interview with the Laker great well
I felt like I was boring to play
basketball and those who do it best he
had a war about him that I've never seen
it so I knew one day that he's gonna be
whatever he sets out to be to Jerry West
who grew close to the young star drafted
right out of high school I thought he's
number one pick in the draft and to
watch my kids I'm here and I love this I
thought this is pretty funny and did
Kobe's own words but how would you like
your career to be looked back on I would
love for people to look at him I could
wear in say that on the next in depth
with grandad singer